All right.
So here we go.
Let's start with the first step.
Defining the environment by defining environment.
I will also of course define the problem.
So the problem is basically an optimization problem again or more specifically a maximization problem
because we're trying to get the maximum customers from this online retail business to subscribe to the
brand new premium plan that was created by this company and which is a premium plan where the customers
will pay a certain amount of money per month or per year to get advantages when they buy some drugs
online or when they sell their products.
Know they can either buy or sell.
So these advantages can be for example faster delivery or price reductions on products or special deals
or sometimes gifts.
Well this is supposed to be a great plan if you subscribe to and of course since the customers are going
to pay monthly or yearly.
And with this brilliant plan there's still going to buy the products.
That's also a big win for the company.
And in order to convert the maximum customers to subscribe to this plan.
Well the strategy team as we can see prepared nine different strategies nine different strategies and
each of them is composed of four features first a specific form.
So you know when the customer connects online to the Web site well there is going to be a pop up or
you know an ad or something like that which will lead the customer to fill in a form and for each of
these strategies we're going to have different forums so we're going to have more or less long forms.
We're going to have forums of different designs and of course among these nine forums.
Well one of them will be there.
You know there will be one of them to which the customer will be more attracted more attracted to fill
in the form and take action.
And then as we can see in each of these strategies we also have a package.
So this package is basically the offer that the customer will get by subscribing to the premium plan.
So this can be for example if you subscribe the premium plan you'll get this and that you'll get free
deliveries you'll get 5 percent discount on average for all the products or you'll get this free book
and you'll get this gift wherever you know.
There is an upward baggage whenever the customer subscribes to the premium plan.
And again there is a different package for each of these nine strategies.
And then inside each strategy we also have an ad so that you know the way we can catch the customer
and incite him to subscribe to the premium plan.
So this ad can be a pop up this can be ad inside an email.
You know this online retail business of course has the e-mail addresses of the customers so at to for
example in too could be an ad in an e-mail and at 6:00 and strategy six.
Just an example can be just a puppet appearing on the website when the customer connects to it.
So different ads.
And then finally special deals.
So each time a customer connects to the website and we get this ad with this pop up to suggest a customer
to subscribe to the premium plan well he's going to be offering special deal like three months free
for three months are going to be free or the first six months are going to be free or or I don't know
you know if you subscribe the premium plan well you'll get a $100 free gift card or something like that.
You know there's going to be a special deal for each of the strategies.
So you know very different strategies with each time different forms different packages different ads
different special deals.
And one of these strategies will be of course the best.
Like one of these strategies has the best conversion rate and the goal of Tums and sampling is to find
which of these strategies has the best conversion rate that is.
Which of these strategies will convert the most customers to subscribe to the premium plan.
All right.
And then now that we did this well let's define the environment.
So let's go back here.
And as you can see the environment here is now composed of only actions and words.
That's how it is for the not been the problem.
And let me explain why.
So how are we going to do that.
Well first the first important thing to understand is that we're going to do online learning that is
that we're going to experiment with these nine strategies here.
Customer by customer.
So let's start with the beginning at the beginning.
There is going to be a first customer who will connect to the Web site of this online retail business
you know to explore the products or even to buy products that this customer has in mind.
And as soon as he connects well we're going to deploy one of these nine strategies to attempt a conversion
that is to try to convert this customer to subscribe to the premium plan.
So at first we have no clue which of these strategies is the best so we're going to throw a strategy
randomly let's say for example it strategy number one.
So we're going to deploy it.
And then the whole thing will happen know the whole process of pop up will appear or the ad will appear
in his email and then whatever happens.
But in the end the only thing that matters to us is the final result.
Did the customer convert or did it not convert.
If the customer convert it that is if subscribe to the premium plan.
Well we will get one we wanted.
And that's how the rewards are simply going to be defined here.
We will get one we want.
And if the customer doesn't convert that is if the customer doesn't subscribe to the premium plan we
will get a zero reward for that specific strategy that was selected at first randomly.
That is strategy one and that's it that's around that's actually a state.
You know we can call it a state if you want a state or around it's just a customer connecting to this
Web site of the online retail business.
And we deploy a strategy then the process happens to try to convince him to subscribe to the premium
plan.
And in the end the customer convert or the customer does not convert.
And if the customer converts we get one we want.
And if the customer doesn't convert we get a zero reward and then we reiterate at the next round.
A new customer will connect to the online retail business website will deploy a different strategy.
Of course it will be that random this time but following the Thompson sampling algorithm will deploy
a new strategy then this new customer will choose to convert or not.
If he or she converts we'll get one word.
If he or she doesn't convert we'll get a zero reward and that will be around them too.
Then we'll come round them at three with a new customer connect into the online retail business then
we'll deploy a new strategy that will be selected by the Tompson sampling algorithm and then the customer
will choose to convert or not.
If he or she converts we'll get one and if he or she doesn't convert We'll get to zero and the next
round and the next round and over the rounds we'll repeat the same trial and error process.
And of course we'll get the informations of all these won rewards we've received in the past rounds
and all the zero reward because these are information that we will reintegrate into the Tompson something
algorithm and that's how round by round it will return better selections of the strategies until it
finds the strategy that has the highest conversion rate.
We're going to see that with our own eyes because we're going to run our whole simulation and you're
going to see you're going to be impressed by how fast and how efficiently it manages to find the best
strategy that has the highest conversion rate and therefore very simply inside this environment.
Well the states even if they're not really States as we saw them in Q2 earning or did you learn in the
states are going to be simply the rounds.
You know each round that is each customer connecting to the Web site is a state then the action is going
to be of course well the selection of a strategy by Thompson simply to display to the user either on
the Web site or in e-mail or by any other way than the process will happen.
The customer will choose to convert or not.
And finally that's when we define the word.
If the customer converts we get a one word.
If the customer doesn't convert and doesn't subscribe to premium plan we get as you where we work.
And here we go.
Congratulations.
We just defined the environment.